[AGM-1665] Payment options updated (#117)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseVPN: docs/general/subscription.md

If you have decided to purchase a subscription to AdGuard VPN, there are three ways to do this:

> 1. Via an in-app purchase. Go to the AdGuard VPN app and tap the arrow in the upper right corner of the screen. There are three subscription plans to choose from — monthly, yearly, and two-year one. Select the most suitable one and tap "Subscribe". This option is available for AdGuard VPN mobile apps for iOS and Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Via an in-app purchase. Go to the AdGuard VPN app and tap the arrow in the upper right corner of the screen. There are three subscription plans to choose from — monthly, yearly, and two-year one. Select the most suitable one and tap *Subscribe*. This option is available for AdGuard VPN mobile apps for iOS and Android.
```

> 2. Via [AdGuard account](https://my.adguard.com/main.html). Log in to your account and select "My Licenses" from the menu bar. Press "Buy AdGuard VPN" and select a monthly, yearly, or two-year subscription. Pay for it using your card, PayPal account, or one of the supported cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Tether. Done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Via [AdGuard account](https://my.adguard.com/). Log in to your account and select *My Licenses* from the menu bar. Click *Buy AdGuard VPN* and select a monthly, yearly, or two-year subscription. Pay for it using your card, PayPal account, or one of the supported cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, or Tether. Done!
```

> 3. Finally, you can purchase an AdGuard VPN subscription on [our website](https://adguard-vpn.com/license.html). Choose a convenient subscription option and enter the email address to which the payment receipt will be sent. You can pay for your subscription using your card or PayPal account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Finally, you can purchase an AdGuard VPN subscription on [our website](https://adguard-vpn.com/license.html). Choose a suitable subscription plan and enter the email address to which the payment receipt will be sent. You can pay for your subscription using your card or PayPal account.
```
